com/mongodb/app/databinding/LoginViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.LoginViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/QrcodeViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.QrcodeViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivitySearchTournamentBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivitySearchTournamentBinding
io/realm/com_mongodb_app_UserRealmProxyInterface.java
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_UserRealmProxyInterface
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ChangePasswordViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ChangePasswordViewBinding
io/realm/DefaultRealmModule.java
 io.realm.DefaultRealmModule
com/mongodb/app/databinding/EditProfileViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.EditProfileViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/BuildConfig.java
 com.mongodb.app.BuildConfig
io/realm/com_mongodb_app_TaskRealmProxyInterface.java
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_TaskRealmProxyInterface
com/mongodb/app/databinding/SettingsBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.SettingsBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityPlayerBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityPlayerBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityAfterNotificationBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityAfterNotificationBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/HomeViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.HomeViewBinding
io/realm/DefaultRealmModuleMediator.java
 io.realm.DefaultRealmModuleMediator
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityCreateTournamentBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityCreateTournamentBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityReportBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityReportBinding
io/realm/com_mongodb_app_UserRealmProxy.java
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_UserRealmProxy
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_UserRealmProxy$ClassNameHelper
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_UserRealmProxy$UserColumnInfo
io/realm/com_mongodb_app_TaskRealmProxy.java
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_TaskRealmProxy
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_TaskRealmProxy$ClassNameHelper
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_TaskRealmProxy$TaskColumnInfo
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityTaskBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityTaskBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/PlayerViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.PlayerViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/TaskViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.TaskViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ProfileViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ProfileViewBinding
